hari-client and hari_uploader utility update for supporting external media sources (#74)
quality-match/hari-client: CHANGELOG.md

- added support for defining external media sources when creating a dataset
  - new field `external_media_source` in the `create_dataset` method [PR#73](https://github.com/quality-match/hari-client/pull/73)
- added new endpoint `get_external_media_source` [PR#73](https://github.com/quality-match/hari-client/pull/73)
- added new arg to client method `create_medias` [PR#74](https://github.com/quality-match/hari-client/pull/74)

>   - `with_media_file_upload` (default: `True`). Set this to `False` if you want to skip the upload of media files.
>   - the method will then only send the `BulkMediaCreate` instance to HARI.

Reviewer: maybe something like

```suggestion
  - `with_media_file_upload` (default: `True`). Set this to `False` if you want to skip the upload of media files. This way the upload will only create medias in HARI without uploading media files to QM storage.
```

Author: I used the VSCode github PR integration to apply the suggestion. This somehow didn't commit that explicitly, though

Reviewer: I think doing it from the ide just applies it locally

- added format validations for `HARIMedia` field `media_url` [PR#74](https://github.com/quality-match/hari-client/pull/74)
  - the field was previously set automatically through the process of uploading media files.
  - in order to work with a dataset that uses an external media source, you have to set the field explicitly.
- updated usage of HARIUploader utility [PR#74](https://github.com/quality-match/hari-client/pull/74)
  - when using an external media source, make sure to only set the `media_url` field of a `HARIMedia` and don't set the `file_path`.
  - if all medias have a set `media_url` field, then media files will not be uploaded to HARI, but they're only setup with the api.

>   - if all medias have a set `file_path` field, then the uploader utility behaves as before and will upload media files to HARI.

Reviewer: I'm afraid it can be error prone. I think ideally we should provide a way for the user to "mark" the upload for the external source usage, and based on that do our validations. What do you think?
